Migrate doc clean up (#2308)
fastify/fastify: docs/Migration-Guide-V3.md

The hook can optionally return a new stream via `done(null, stream)` or
returning the stream in case of async functions.

If the hook returns a new stream, it will be used instead of the original one in
following hooks. A sample use case for this is handling compressed requests.

The new stream should add the `receivedEncodedLength` property to the stream
that should reflect the actual data size received from the client. For instance,
in a compressed request it should be the size of the compressed payload.
This property can (and should) be dynamically updated during `data` events.

The old syntax of Fastify v2 without payload is supported but it is deprecated.

### Changed hooks behaviour ([#2004](https://github.com/fastify/fastify/pull/2004))

From Fastify v3, the behavior of `onRoute` and `onRegister` hooks will change
slightly in order to support hook encapsulation.

- `onRoute` - The hook will be called asynchronously. In v2 this hook is called
as soon as a route is registered. This means that if you want to use it, you
should register this hook as soon as possible in your code.
(TODO: this statement is unclear. Are we saying that the v2 hook should be

> registered as soon as possible? Or are we saying the v3 hook should be?)

Reviewer: in v2 this hook was run when the code was defining the route. In v3, we are calling the hook after all plugins are registered before ready.

Author: I'm still not clear. An example of how things worked in v2 versus v3 would help.

Reviewer: Look at the tests of.

Reviewer: @jsumners consider https://github.com/fastify/fastify/pull/1971/files#diff-1934f8b6f3b9c6ad263f75fb75f996deR2711-R2738. We had to move `onRegister` _before_ the plugin definition.
The same thing is true for `onRoute`.

Reviewer: can you update it and resolve?

Author: I'm still just not clear what the text should be. If someone has any suggestions, that'd be great.

Reviewer: ```
The hook is now inherited when registered a new plugin: you know need to add the `onRoute`  hook _before_ registering any plugins, and not after.
```

Is this clearer?

Author: I think I can work with that. I'll deal with it soon.

Author: Please re-review.

> - `onRoute` - The hook will be called asynchronously. In v2 this hook is called
> as soon as a route is registered. This means that if you want to use it, you
> should register this hook as soon as possible in your code.
> (TODO: this statement is unclear. Are we saying that the v2 hook should be
> registered as soon as possible? Or are we saying the v3 hook should be?)

Author: ```suggestion
- `onRoute` - The hook will be called asynchronously. The hook is now inherited
when registering a new plugin within the same encapsulation scope. Thus, this
hook should be registered _before_ registering any plugins.
```
